Removing a JBS Issue (#112)
openjdk/guide: src/guide/jbs-jdk-bug-system.md

Once a bug is marked as fixed there is now the option of someone, other than the person that fixed it, of marking it as [Verified]{.jbs-value} to confirm that the issue is fixed after testing; marking it as [Fix Failed]{.jbs-value} if it didn't solve the issue; or, [Not Verified]{.jbs-value} to indicate that it wasn't explicitly tested. Note that the JBS UI doesn't highlight when [Fix Failed]{.jbs-value} has been set, you need to look for the [Verification]{.jbs-field} field at the bottom of the left-hand column in the Details section.

## Removing an issue

> Removing a JBS issue is a rare extreme case that shouldn't be part of the normal workflow. For this reason, removing issues is restricted to admins only. If you for some reason need to remove an issue, send an email to [ops@openjdk.org](mailto:ops@openjdk.org). You need to provide the bug id and a well considered reason to why the issue should be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removing a JBS issue is a rare extreme case that shouldn't be part of the normal workflow. For this reason, removing issues is restricted to admins only. If you for some reason need to remove an issue, send an email to [ops@openjdk.org](mailto:ops@openjdk.org). You need to provide the bug id and a well considered reason why the issue should be removed.
```
Is _‘to’_ necessary before _‘why’_?

Author: Either way works for me :-)

Reviewer: > Either way works for me :-)

It's understandable either way. Yet _‘to’_ seems redundant to me.

(I am not a native English speaker, native speakers could have a different preference here.)

> Removing a JBS issue is a rare extreme case that shouldn't be part of the normal workflow. For this reason, removing issues is restricted to admins only. If you for some reason need to remove an issue, send an email to [ops@openjdk.org](mailto:ops@openjdk.org). You need to provide the bug id and a well thought through reason to why the issue should be removed.

Reviewer 2: Consider "well thought through" -> "well considered"

Author: Thanks for reviewing! Fixed.

> Note that JBS issues are not removed just because something was a bad idea, or reported an issue that turned out to be an embarassing user misstake. Such issues are simply closed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note that JBS issues are not removed just because something was a bad idea, or reported an issue that turned out to be an embarrassing user mistake. Such issues are simply closed.
```

Author: Good catch!  That was an embarrassing mistake. :-)

> Note that JBS issues are not removed just because something was a bad idea, or reported an issue that turned out to be an embarassing user misstake. Such issues are simply closed.

Reviewer: Something is missing here: “…or reported an issue…”. If you omit the previous sentence, it could be easier to spot: “…just because … \[or\] reported an issue…”. Is the subject of the verb “reported” missing?

Does “…or a reported issue turned out to be…” sound right?

Author: Yes, thank you! Fixed.
